Now, we have given this component C4, H10O which is a molecular formula and they have mentioned
that this is an alcohol and how many isomer are possible for the alcohol, so now let
let us start writing these structures, first let us take the longest chain C4, so it could
be CH2O which, so C4 H10O this is one alcohol, so this is 4, so it is butane butane
one on, now let us change this OH to the next position, so we can write the other structure
like this CH3, CH2, CHO, CH3, so this will be butane to all, now we will see whether
we can write some more structures, so we will branch this longest chain again, so we will
see, CH3, COH, let me branch it here, CH3, so it will be CH, CH2OH, so now there is a metal
substituent here, so this will become, so this will be our longest chain now, so this will
be 1, 2, so 2 metal, propane one on, so there can be another branching also CH3, so this
is another one possible, so this will be our longest chain now, in the second position there
is a metal group and OH group now, so we can write this as 2 metal propane 2 all, so
totally there are 4 isomers for this alcohol,